README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ksnabb/flux-stores.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/ksnabb/flux-stores)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ksnabb/flux-stores](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/ksnabb/flux-stores?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

# Flux Stores

This library provides FLUX stores.

This package is somewhat inspired by Backbone models and collections.

## Models

Create a Model

```js
var m = new Model()
```

You can also pass in a js object that will be set as the values for the model.

```js
var m = new Model({
  "id": "idofsomekind",
  "age": 30
});
```

To extend a Model use extend.

```js
var MyModel = Model.extend({
  "initialize": function() {
    console.log("this is me");
  }
});
```

To listen to changes to the model values use on.

```js
var m = new Model({
  "age": 30
});
m.on("change", function(model) {
  // do something with the new values
});
```

You can also listen to specific properties on a model with on.

```js
var m = new Model({
  "age": 30
});
m.on("change:age", function(model) {
  // do something when age prop has changed
});
```

## Collection

Create a collection

```js
var col = new Collection()
```

You can also pass in an array of objects that will be set to the collection.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"id": 1},{"id": 2}])
```

`filter(filterFunction)`    
Filter will return an array of models for which the filterFunction returns true.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 29},{"age": 30},{"age": 31}])
col.filter( (mod) => {
  if(mod.get("age") < 30) {
    return true;
  }
  return false;
}) --> [{"age": 29}]
```

`map(mapFunction)`   
Map will return an array of models that has been passed through the mapFunction.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 29},{"age": 31}]);
col.map(function(model) {
  return model.toJSON().age + 1;
}) --> [{"age": 31},{"age": 32}]
```

`where(attributes)`
Where will return the models that has equal attributes to the passed in attributes. 

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 29},{"age": 31}]);
col.where({
  "age": 31
}) --> [{"age": 31}]
```

`findWhere(attributes)`
The same as where but returns the first model matched

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 31, "id": 1},{"age": 31, "id": 2}]);
col.where({
  "age": 31
}) --> [{"age": 31, "id": 1}]
```

`reset(models)`
reset will replace all models in a collection with the passed in models. If no models are passed in it will just empty the collection.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 31, "id": 1},{"age": 31, "id": 2}]);
col.reset([{
  "age": 31
}]) --> [{"age": 31}]
```

Commit message:

small cleanup and added note to README.md about bable polyfill to make it work on some browsers e.g. safari

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ksnabb/flux-stores.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/ksnabb/flux-stores)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ksnabb/flux-stores](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/ksnabb/flux-stores?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

# Flux Stores

This library provides FLUX stores and is somewhat inspired by Backbone models and collections.

The library itself is written in es6 and compiled with babel which means you might have to 
include babel polyfill in your code to make it work in some browsers.

## Models

Create a Model

```js
var m = new Model()
```

You can also pass in a js object that will be set as the values for the model.

```js
var m = new Model({
  "id": "idofsomekind",
  "age": 30
});
```

To extend a Model use extend.

```js
var MyModel = Model.extend({
  "initialize": function() {
    console.log("this is me");
  }
});
```

To listen to changes to the model values use on.

```js
var m = new Model({
  "age": 30
});
m.on("change", function(model) {
  // do something with the new values
});
```

You can also listen to specific properties on a model with on.

```js
var m = new Model({
  "age": 30
});
m.on("change:age", function(model) {
  // do something when age prop has changed
});
```

## Collection

Create a collection

```js
var col = new Collection()
```

You can also pass in an array of objects that will be set to the collection.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"id": 1},{"id": 2}])
```

`filter(filterFunction)`    
Filter will return an array of models for which the filterFunction returns true.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 29},{"age": 30},{"age": 31}])
col.filter( (mod) => {
  if(mod.get("age") < 30) {
    return true;
  }
  return false;
}) --> [{"age": 29}]
```

`map(mapFunction)`   
Map will return an array of models that has been passed through the mapFunction.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 29},{"age": 31}]);
col.map(function(model) {
  return model.toJSON().age + 1;
}) --> [{"age": 31},{"age": 32}]
```

`where(attributes)`
Where will return the models that has equal attributes to the passed in attributes. 

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 29},{"age": 31}]);
col.where({
  "age": 31
}) --> [{"age": 31}]
```

`findWhere(attributes)`
The same as where but returns the first model matched

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 31, "id": 1},{"age": 31, "id": 2}]);
col.where({
  "age": 31
}) --> [{"age": 31, "id": 1}]
```

`reset(models)`
reset will replace all models in a collection with the passed in models. If no models are passed in it will just empty the collection.

```js
var col = new Collection([{"age": 31, "id": 1},{"age": 31, "id": 2}]);
col.reset([{
  "age": 31
}]) --> [{"age": 31}]
```
